Proprietary
Rehabilitation Research Institute of Singapore ("RRIS")
Copyright (c) 2023 Rehabilitation Research Institute of Singapore.
All Rights Reserved.

NOTICE: All information contained herein is, and remains the property of
Rehabilitation Research Institute of Singapore. The intellectual and technical
concepts contained herein are proprietary to Rehabilitation Research Institute
of Singapore and may be covered by Singapore and Foreign Patents, patents in
process, and are protected by trade secret or copyright law. Dissemination of
this information or reproduction of this material is strictly forbidden unless
prior written permission is obtained from Rehabilitation Research Institute of
Singapore. Access to the source code contained herein is hereby forbidden to
anyone except current Rehabilitation Research Institute of Singapore employees,
managers or contractors who have executed Confidentiality and Non-disclosure
agreements explicitly covering such access.

The copyright notice above does not evidence any actual or intended publication
or disclosure of this source code, which includes information that is
confidential and/or proprietary, and is a trade secret, of Rehabilitation
Research Institute of Singapore. ANY REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION, DISTRIBUTION,
PUBLIC PERFORMANCE, OR PUBLIC DISPLAY OF OR THROUGH USE OF THIS SOURCE CODE
WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF COMPANY IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED, AND IN
VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL TREATIES. THE RECEIPT OR
POSSESSION OF THIS SOURCE CODE AND/OR RELATED INFORMATION DOES NOT CONVEY OR
IMPLY ANY RIGHTS TO REPRODUCE, DISCLOSE OR DISTRIBUTE ITS CONTENTS, OR TO
MANUFACTURE, USE, OR SELL ANYTHING THAT IT MAY DESCRIBE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART.